docs: provide instructions on getting enterprise file from new license Teleport Account (#25677)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/enterprise/obtainlicense.mdx

The Teleport Auth Service reads a license file to authenticate your Teleport
Enterprise account.

> To obtain your license file navigate to your Teleport Account and login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To obtain your license file navigate to your Teleport account and log in.
```
"login" is a noun

You can start at [teleport.sh](https://teleport.sh) and enter your
Teleport Account name (e.g. my-license). After logging in

> you will see the "DOWNLOAD LICENSE KEY" button to download the license file.

Author: See update
